capital = 2209
primary_culture = caribeno
culture = afro_latino
religion = catholic
government = presidential_dictatorship
plurality = 0.5
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.17
civilized = yes

minorities_reform = limited
immigration_policy = quota_immigration
conscription=two_year_draft
pollution=no_controls
child_labor = child_labor_legal
arts_endowment=no_endowment
education = elite
# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions

ruling_party = AAA_conservative_4
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 26
	conservative = 48
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 6
	socialist = 10
	communist = 0
}

post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
publishing_industry = 1