capital = 1328
primary_culture = nepali
religion = mahayana
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_tradition
literacy = 0.01

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties
minorities_reform = oppression
immigration_policy = nobody_gets_out
conscription=mandatory_service
pollution=no_controls
child_labor = child_labor_legal
arts_endowment=no_endowment
education = elite
# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions

ruling_party = AAA_conservative_4
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 15
	conservative = 75
	reactionary = 10
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Level_1 Isolation
# Technologies
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1

# Inventions

# Unciv Reforms
academic_institutions = madrasahs

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "SIK_oob.txt"
